# Artemis-Financial

Artemis Financial is a company that helps people with their financial goals. They help their clients invest and save their money so that they are financially secure in the future. They wanted to build an online application that could support their customers in this process. One big issue that they were trying to address was security on their web application. What I was tasked with doing was making sure that all security vulnerabilities were pointed out and taken care of. I believe that what I did well here was my level of detail when looking at the code. Before this class, I had a good amount of experience using the Java Spring framework, so I feel that my experience really helped me analyze their code. Secure code is so important because online application need to give their customers piece of mind. Giving your customers a secure web application will make them feel comfortable sharing their personal information. Another big reason security is important is because of the word of mouth. When existing customers are raving about the quality of a product ten it will grow at a faster rate. Working through the vulnerability assessment showed me what it would be like working in a commercial environment. I have always thought of myself strictly as a programmer. I never considered that I may be performing some of the roles that cyber security specialists do. This will be helpful later on when I am working at a company and security issues arise in the code. To address these areas that I found security concerns, I implemented the proper strategy. This includes making sure that all dependencies are up to date and assessing every layer of the code. We have to make sure that all data is encrypted so that the wrong eyes cannot see what we do not intend them to. Also, I ran through the Security Assessment Diagram to make sure there was no stone unturned. Whenever checking to see if new security vulnerabilities are in the application, I used the Dependency Check Tool that reports known security flaws for the current application. One big thing that I feel will help me in the future is being security minded. I now know that the new software development model includes checking for security just as it includes implementing new features. One thing that I feel a future employer would find impressive is my familiarity with the Spring framework. They will see that I understand the concept of CAs and also understand how to implement them in a Java application. This project further proves, along with the other projects on my GitHub that I have a very good understand of web development in Java.  
